improve documentation for auto respectRBAC feature (#2220)
argoproj-labs/argocd-operator: docs/usage/respect_rbac.md

    respectRBAC: strict
```

## Cluster Scoped Instances

> For cluster-scoped Argo CD instances, it is recommended to disable the default cluster roles to retain full control over the Kubernetes permissions granted to the application-controller. This can be achieved by setting `ArgoCD.Spec.DefaultClusterScopedRoleDisabled` field to `true`. Refer to the [Custom Roles documentation](custom_roles.md#cluster-scoped-roles) for further details.

Reviewer: can we reframe it like "manage permissions explicitly"

Author: Hi Akhil thanks for the suggestion! Could you help me understand what isn't working with the current phrasing.

> > Note: When respectRBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller and server service accounts still require some cluster-wide permissions on the following argoproj.io CRDs: Application and ApplicationSet. These permissions are necessary because the controllers manage watches for these resources independently of the watches Argo CD maintains for deployed resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: When respect RBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller and server service accounts still require some cluster-wide permissions on the following argoproj.io CRDs: Application and ApplicationSet. These permissions are necessary because the controllers manage watches for these resources independently of the watches Argo CD maintains for deployed resources.
```

Author: Hi neus, thanks for the review. 'respectRBAC' is name of field itself so it should be alright.

> > Note: When respectRBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller and server service accounts still require some cluster-wide permissions on the following argoproj.io CRDs: Application and ApplicationSet. These permissions are necessary because the controllers manage watches for these resources independently of the watches Argo CD maintains for deployed resources.

Reviewer 3: Is it possible to link to the permission changes expected to be made?

Author: Hi kankika, thanks for the review. Since this is a customised role so the user can have the role according to their needs. However for the controller and server they will need to give some cluster level permissions for spme resources. i don't see any document specifying the minimum requirements for the operartor.

Reviewer 3: I understand, I mostly had concerns around wording 

> "some permissions" 

which sounds very vague and leaves me with more questions, but I see its been reworded and reads much better now, Thanks!

Reviewer 4: @alkakumari016 - Can we add a example role with the required "some permissions"?

> > Note: When respectRBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller and server service accounts still require some cluster-wide permissions on the following argoproj.io CRDs: Application and ApplicationSet. These permissions are necessary because the controllers manage watches for these resources independently of the watches Argo CD maintains for deployed resources.

Reviewer: CRD's are basically cluster wide right ? can we reframe it some thing like this 

> Note: When `respectRBAC` is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller and server service accounts still require cluster-wide permissions for the `Application` and `ApplicationSet` resources. These permissions are required because the controllers establish watches on these resources independently of the watches Argo CD creates for managed cluster resources.

Author: yes we can do that. I'll add them.

> > Note: When respectRBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller and server service accounts still require some cluster-wide permissions on the following argoproj.io CRDs: Application and ApplicationSet. These permissions are necessary because the controllers manage watches for these resources independently of the watches Argo CD maintains for deployed resources.

Reviewer: looks repetitive, watches

> > Note: When respectRBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller service account still requires cluster-wide permissions for the Application, AppProject and ApplicationSet resources, and the server service account need cluster-wide permissions for the Application and ApplicationSet resources. These permissions are required because the controllers establish watches on these resources independently of the watches Argo CD creates for managed cluster resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Note: When respectRBAC is enabled on a cluster-scoped Argo CD instance, the application-controller service account still requires cluster-wide permissions for the Application, AppProject and ApplicationSet resources, and the server service account needs cluster-wide permissions for the Application and ApplicationSet resources. These permissions are required because the controller establishes watches on these resources independently of the watches Argo CD creates for managed cluster resources.
```

Author: Thanks for noticing. Fixed now.
